# JavaScript Fundamentals Timed Quiz

## Description
    Given no source code, created an interactive JavaScript fundamentals quiz using HTML, CSS and JavaScript to run the functions dependent on user interaction.  The quiz, when started, sets a timer countdown from 75 seconds. There are multiple questions to test user's knowledge of JavaScript. With each correct answer, there will be no adjustment for time; however, with every wrong answer, there will be 15 seconds deducted from the timer. Each answer selection will display whether the user selected the right or wrong answer below the answers except for the last question.  The last question will follow the aforementioned logic as it pertains to the right or wrong answer selection in relation to the time remaining on the timer.  The quiz ends when there are no more questions or the time remaining is less than or equal to zero. The time will only show less than zero if the user chooses a wrong answer that puts the timer into the negative with the 15 second decution for choosing the wrong answer. At the end of the quiz, a form displays for users to input their initials to be diplayed next to their time score (remaining time or penalty time) on the High Score screen. Once the user submits their initials, the High Score screen displays the users new high score under their previous high scores, if any.  The user can reset/clear the high scores at any time on the High Score screen.  With every new attempt, a new high score will be logged until the user resets/clears the scores.

    The quiz can be taken as many times as the user likes.
## Live Link

## Github